Optimize (CQA) - Managing Content - ACS (#4756)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_managing-alternate-content-sources.adoc

= Managing alternate content sources

[role="_abstract"]
You can accelerate content synchronization for your {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxyServers} by creating alternate content sources.
Use an alternate content source on your local filesystem or nearby network to download content faster while still receiving metadata from the upstream source.

An alternate content source (ACS) defines an alternate path to download content during synchronization.
The content itself is downloaded from the ACS, while the metadata is downloaded from the {ProjectServer} or the upstream URL, depending on the configuration.

> You can use ACS to speed up synchronization if the content is located on the local filesystem or on a nearby network.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use ACS to accelerate synchronization if the content is located on the local filesystem or on a nearby network.
```
